Conditionals concept (#114)
exercism/jq: exercises/concept/vehicle-purchase/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

In this exercise, you will write some code to help you prepare to buy a vehicle.

> You have three tasks, one to determine if you will need to get a licence, one to help you choose between two vehicles, and one to estimate the acceptable price for a used vehicle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have three tasks: determine if you will need to get a licence; choose between two vehicles; and estimate the acceptable price for a used vehicle.
```

## 1. Determine if you will need a drivers licence

Some kinds of vehicles require a drivers license to operate them.

> Assume only the kinds `"car"` and `"truck"` require a license, everything else can be operated without a license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume only the kinds `"car"` and `"truck"` require a license; everything else can be operated without a license.
```

Implement the `needs_license` function that takes the kind of vehicle and returns a boolean indicating whether you need a license for that kind of vehicle.

```jq
"car" | needs_license
# => true

"bike" | needs_license
# => false
```

## 2. Choose between two potential vehicles to buy

> You evaluate your options of available vehicles.

Reviewer: Do you want to use past tense here? Present tense makes it sound like it might be "you need to do this" vs "this is story background". The next section has past tense in the story.

Author: yes, it reads better. thanks

You manage to narrow it down to two options but you need help making the final decision.

> For that implement the function `choose_vehicle` that takes an array of two vehicles as input and returns a decision that includes the option that comes first in dictionary order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the function `choose_vehicle` that takes an array of two vehicles as input and returns a decision, which is the option that comes first in dictionary order.
```

```jq
["Wuling Hongguang", "Toyota Corolla"] | choose_vehicle
# =>  "Toyota Corolla is clearly the better choice."

["Volkswagen Beetle", "Volkswagen Golf"] | choose_vehicle
# =>  "Volkswagen Beetle is clearly the better choice."
```

## 3. Calculate an estimation for the price of a used vehicle

> Now that you made your decision you want to make sure you get a fair price at the dealership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you made your decision, you want to make sure you get a fair price at the dealership.
```
